lens config builder docs (#177993)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/lens/dataset.mdx

### `dataset`

The `dataset` configuration within the Lens Config Builder API defines the source of data for a visualization. 

#### Types of Dataset Configurations

1. **LensESQLDataset (`LensESQLDataset`):**

> - Utilizes the Elasticsearch Query Language (EQL) for retrieving data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Utilizes the Elasticsearch Query Language (ES|QL) for retrieving data.
```

- Attributes include:

> - `esql`: A string containing the EQL query. EQL is a powerful query language that allows for complex search and aggregation operations, making this dataset type particularly flexible and powerful for advanced data retrieval scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `esql`: A string containing the ES|QL query. ES|QL is a powerful query language that allows for complex search and aggregation operations, making this dataset type particularly flexible and powerful for advanced data retrieval scenarios.
```
